hey guys stayed from cook and chair here
today's recipe is pierogies these tasty
little devils originated in Eastern and
Central Europe were in no way claiming
them to be authentic but they're
nevertheless delicious so let's get
started so what about here is a large
potato that I boiled up and we're gonna
combine this with half a cup of grated
cheddar cheese of course you can use
your favorite cheese a tablespoon of
bacon bits if you want to use real
chopped up bacon that's fine as well a
quarter teaspoon of granulated garlic
then we're gonna throw in a couple of
tablespoons of milk a quarter teaspoon
of salt and last but not least a quarter
teaspoon of freshly ground black pepper
I'm just gonna grab my potato masher
here and mash this up until everything
is really nicely combined okay now our
filling is done we're gonna begin making
our pierogi wrappers and I'm gonna begin
by adding two cups of all-purpose flour
to a bowl crack in a couple of eggs and
two-thirds of a cup of lukewarm water
I'm just gonna grab my spoon here and
just kind of mix things up you're
probably gonna want to change to your
hands later just to get a good
consistency in a good mixture so you're
gonna work this until you get a nice
ball of pierogi dough something like
this okay what you want to do now is
flour a surface this dough's a little
bit on the wet sticky side so you might
want to add a generous amount of flour
and also flour your rolling pin now
we're just gonna lay the dough on and
cut it in half just so we have two
workable portions
grab the rolling pin and we're gonna
roll this out until it's all I'd say
somewhere in the neighborhood of about
an eighth of an inch thick now I'm gonna
grab a dough cutter here and this is
just something I'm kicking around in the
cupboard and it's perfect about three
and a half inches so we're just gonna go
ahead and cut some circles out here
remove the excess dough but of course
don't throw it out because you're gonna
make more pierogi wrappers out of this
okay so what we're gonna do is scoop up
about a heaping tablespoon of the
mixture put the wrapper into the palm of
your hand place the mixture into the
center of the wrapper
press it down fold it over and then just
kind of seal it shut
after that what I'm gonna do is just
take a fork and kind of push down on it
one this is gonna do a couple of things
number one it's gonna seal it shut and
it's gonna make a nice fancy design
all right what you want to do now is
bring a pot of water to a nice rolling
boil throw the pierogies in
and let them cook until they begin to
float and this'll take somewhere in the
neighborhood of about oh I'd say four
minutes of course you're gonna want to
do these in batches of about four to
five and this recipe will give you a
total of about twelve pierogies well
they're boiling don't forget to click
that subscribe button because you don't
want to miss a video after about four
minutes they're nicely cooked so we're
just gonna set these aside on a plate
and you're gonna repeat this process for
the rest of the pierogies lastly what
we're gonna do is add a bit of olive oil
to a preheated pan put the pierogies in
and we're gonna fry this over
medium-high heat
I'd say for about two-and-a-half minutes
on each side just so they're nicely
browned
now they're nicely browned you're ready
to serve and there you have it our
pierogies and believe me guys these are
creamy cheesy serve them up with some
sour cream and they are just out of this
world
head on over to coke and chair comm for
this recipe and many more recipes and
don't forget to click subscribe and like
our videos thanks for watching and see
you next time